Mission: 

Women Who Code (WWCode) is a global non-profit organization dedicated to inspiring women to excel in technology careers. We work to support this generation of technology professionals in being and becoming leaders and role models in the tech industry. The organization has grown to be one of the largest communities of women engineers in the world, garnering a membership of more than 80,000 members in 20 countries.

Empowerment: 

WWCode is a professional community for women in tech. We provide an avenue for women engineers to network, support each other, navigate their career, gain new tech skills and hone existing ones, and develop leadership skills to set them apart in their career. 

Key Activities: 

Free technical study groups

Panels, lightning talks, and keynotes featuring influential tech industry experts and investors

Hack events

Career and leadership development

Who Should Join?

Our community is for professional women in technology careers. Current and aspiring coders are welcome.  Bring your laptop and a friend! 

Support Women Who Code:

Donating to Women Who Code, Inc. (#46-4218859) directly impacts our ability to run this catalytic movement. Donations directly support our programs and global development, ensuring that even more women have the opportunity to excel in tech careers. 

Code of Conduct: 

WWCode is dedicated to providing an empowering experience for everyone who participates in or supports our community, regardless of gender, gender identity and expression, sexual orientation, ability, physical appearance, body size, race, ethnicity, age, religion, socioeconomic status, caste, or creed. Our events are intended to inspire women to excel in technology careers, and anyone who is there for this purpose is welcome. Because we value the safety and security of our members and strive to have an inclusive community, we do not tolerate harassment of members or event participants in any form. Our Code of Conduct applies to all events run by Women Who Code, Inc. If you would like to report an incident or contact our leadership team, please submit an incident report form.

Stay Connected #WWCode
